'replace_spaces_in_credential' added to CommonServerPython (#24104)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_56.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Added the replace_spaces_in_certificate function that replaces spaces in a certificate with the correct character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *replace_spaces_in_certificate* function that replaces spaces in a credential (from type: 9) with break lines.
```
